# 05-06 caprice

> All things have done!

This one I just want to wirte by English not Chinese, that's the feeling.

The whole April gone, I have no any words here, I just lost myself, the paper break my plan out and take me down. And I have no time to think, to code, to do so much more.

Wait my friend come is one of the part of April, he's a brave guys. Actually I am jealous, he is my best friend but last he become my classmates' friend, talking anything rather than me. I don't know, maybe we are so fimillar with each other, to know each other much more.

So, keep distance.

One day I told him something which I think that is important one, he have no positive words but full of descrimination of what I talking about with him. Sadly, once time I just want to quit, we have different value and view, we have no more words. 

But, who really cares about it? No one, just let it go.

In my expected, we just have few words to talking in the next days, I am so hurt from my friend. And I tell myself don't worry, everthing will be okay. It's so painful. For good one, he just back home in this afternoon, I will miss you and our ignorance.

After, I found something true in this world, there is no real emotion forever, just cherish what we have now. Cause of everthing will be changed by time, whatever!

> Forgive me.

This is new month, you should make a plan, just pull out all stops. If you want a good life, just walking stable and quickly.

Everything is so real, in order to disturb you mind, but don't trapped into it. You have full of control of your mind, just do it!

For you, for real you, just made it happen.
